CREATE DATABASE IPL_PROJECT
CREATE TABLE Delivery(
match_id Integer,
inning INTEGER,
batting_team text,
bowling_team text,
over INTEGER,
ball INTEGER,
batsman text,
non_striker text,
bowler text,
is_super_over INTEGER,
wide_runs INTEGER,
bye_runs INTEGER,
legbye_runs INTEGER,
noball_runs INTEGER,
penalty_runs INTEGER,
batsman_runs INTEGER,
extra_runs INTEGER,
total_runs INTEGER,
player_dismissed text,
dismissal_kind text,
fielder text);

COPY Delivery(match_id ,
inning ,
batting_team ,
bowling_team ,
over ,
ball ,
batsman ,
non_striker ,
bowler ,
is_super_over ,
wide_runs ,
bye_runs ,
legbye_runs ,
noball_runs ,
penalty_runs ,
batsman_runs ,
extra_runs ,
total_runs ,
player_dismissed ,
dismissal_kind ,
fielder )
FROM '/tmp/deliveries.csv'
DELIMITER ','
CSV HEADER;

SELECT * FROM Delivery
limit 10 offset 1;

CREATE TABLE Matches(
id  Integer,
season INTEGER,
city text,
date DATE NOT NULL,
team1 text,
team2 text,
toss_winner text,
toss_decision text,
result text,
dl_applied INTEGER,
winner text,
win_by_runs INTEGER,
win_by_wickets INTEGER,
player_of_match text,
venue text,
umpire1 text,
umpire2 text,
umpire3 INTEGER);

COPY matches( id  ,
season ,
city ,
date  ,
team1 ,
team2 ,
toss_winner ,
toss_decision ,
result ,
dl_applied ,
winner ,
win_by_runs ,
win_by_wickets ,
player_of_match ,
venue ,
umpire1 ,
umpire2 ,
umpire3 )
FROM '/tmp/matches.csv'
DELIMITER ','
CSV HEADER;

SELECT count() FROM matches

CREATE TABLE Matches(
id  Integer,
season INTEGER,
city text,
date DATE NOT NULL,
team1 text,
team2 text,
toss_winner text,
toss_decision text,
result text,
dl_applied INTEGER,
winner text,
win_by_runs INTEGER,
win_by_wickets INTEGER,
player_of_match text,
venue text,
umpire1 text,
umpire2 text,
umpire3 INTEGER);
COPY matches( id  ,
season ,
city ,
date  ,
team1 ,
team2 ,
toss_winner ,
toss_decision ,
result ,
dl_applied ,
winner ,
win_by_runs ,
win_by_wickets ,
player_of_match ,
venue ,
umpire1 ,
umpire2 ,
umpire3 )
FROM '/tmp/matches.csv'
DELIMITER ','
CSV HEADER;

SELECT * FROM matches